#
#===============================================================================
#
#         FILE:  README.pod
#
#  DESCRIPTION:  plexus.pl documentation
#
#       AUTHOR:  Daniel Bolton (), <dan at dbbo dot us>
#      COMPANY:  
#      CREATED:  18/07/2011
#     REVISION:  04/08/2011
#===============================================================================

=head1 NAME

plexus.pl - A Perl-based static site generator.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	plexus.pl [OPTIONS]

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=over 4

=item * B<perl> - version 5.10 or above

=item * B<Config::File> - Debian: libconfig-file-perl

=item * B<Text::Markdown> - Debian: libtext-markdown-perl

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

In Latin, I<plexus> means "twisted" or "woven". B<plexus.pl> takes a bunch of
simple, modularized files and weaves them into a static web page ( so, OK,
maybe it should be called I<plecto> or better yet, since it's a command,
I<plecte> ). I'll be referring to the script "plexus.pl" simply as "plexus" for
the rest of this documentation.

At the time of writing, 04 August 2011, B<plexus> is far from completion and
not really even ready for testing. Use at your own risk.

=head2 How it works

Plexus starts out by determining the working directory. This is either the
first command-line argument ( C<$ARGV[0]> ) or, if no argument is supplied, the
current directory ( C<$ENV{PWD}> ). Next, C<File::Find> is used to make a list of
all non-hidden directories inside the working directory. Plexus then descends
into each of these directories and weaves a web page using the special files
below.

Future versions will have an option to generate a site-map ( using all F<*.html>
files found inside the top directory ) and a "recent posts" list for blogs.

=head1 FILES

Use F<.md> for Markdown files. They will be formatted to HTML by the script. Files
ending in F<.htm>, F<.html>, F<.xhtml>, or F<.xml> will be copied verbatim. Don't include
the tag in the file where the content will go, though. For example, omit C<E<lt>bodyE<gt>>>
from your body.html file. Files that are treated specially by plexus.pl
include:

=over 4

=item config Default config file location, using Config::File.

=item config.yaml YAML config file, using Config::YAML.

=item head.css code to be included in the head.

=item head.js JavaScript code to be included in the head.

=item nav.EXT Inserted at the top of body as <nav>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<perldoc>, L<Config::File>,L<Config::YAML>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2011 Daniel Bolton.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this 
document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation 
License, Version 3.0 or any later version published by the 
Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, with 
no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover Texts.

=head1 THANKS

Special thanks to tornow ( L<https://github.com/tornow> ) for testing plexus.pl
and offering suggestions.

=cut

